Refresh COMMAND, add topics: command-args, key-specs (#1697)
redis/redis-doc: topics/command-info.md

# Command information

Starting from Redis 7.0 we include an additional map in `COMMAND`'s

> reply, which contains the following fields:

Reviewer: i meant to move the entire documentation about the reply to COMMAND INFO, not just the part about the new map.
The page in command.md can just say that it's an array of responses of COMMAND INFO, and maybe give a quick example to demonstrate the nesting.

Author: i think it's better the way it is now:  none of the pages are too-full nor too-empty, feels like a good balance for the reader.

@itamarhaber WDYT?

Reviewer: i think it's not logical, to describe part of the response in one page and another part in another page.
also, this has nothing to do with the command (i.e. there's no reason to document this part in INFO, and the other part in COMMAND, could be the other way around).

I'm ok with documenting the whole thing in COMMAND, and have INFO just refer to it..
but i was thinking it's cleaner to document the whole thing in INFO and have COMMAND refer to it.

> Starting from Redis 7.0 we include an additional map in `COMMAND`'s
> reply, which contains the following fields:
>  - `summary`
>  - `since`
>  - `group`
>  - `complexity`
>  - `doc-flags`
>  - `deprecated-since`
>  - `replaced-by`
>  - `history`
>  - `hints`
>  - `arguments`
>  - `key-specs`
>  - `subcommands`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from Redis 7.0 we include an additional map in `COMMAND`'s reply, which contains the following fields:

 - `summary`
 - `since`
 - `group`
 - `complexity`
 - `doc-flags`
 - `deprecated-since`
 - `replaced-by`
 - `history`
 - `hints`
 - `arguments`
 - `key-specs`
 - `subcommands`
```

Only `summary`, `since`, and `group` are mandatory, the rest may be absent.

## summary

> Short command description

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Short command description.
```

## since

> Debut Redis version of the command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Redis version in which the command was added.
```

## group

> Group of the command. Possible values:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The functional group to which the command belongs. Possible values:

```

 - generic
 - string
 - list
 - set
 - sorted-set
 - hash
 - pubsub
 - transactions
 - connection
 - server
 - scripting
 - hyperloglog
 - cluster
 - sentinel
 - geo
 - stream
 - bitmap
 - module

## complexity

> A short explantion about the command's time complexity

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A short explanation about the command's time complexity.
```

## doc-flags

> An @array-reply of flgas that are relevant for documentation purposes. Possible values:
>  - deprecated: The command is deprecated
>  - syscmd: System command, not meant to be executed by normal users

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An @array-reply of flgas that are relevant for documentation purposes. Possible values:

 - deprecated: the command is deprecated
 - syscmd: a system command that isn't meant to be called by users
```

## deprecated-since

> If deprecated, from which version?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For deprecated commands, this is the Redis version from which the command is deprecated.
```

## replaced-by

> If deprecated, which command replaced it?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For deprecated commands, this is the alternative for the deprecated command.
```

## history

> An @array-reply, where each element is also an @array-reply with two elements:
> 1. The version when something changed about the command interface
> 2. A short description of the changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An @array-reply, where each element is also an @array-reply with two elements:

1. The version when something changed about the command interface
2. A short description of the change
```

## hints

> An @array-reply of hints that are meant to help clients/proxies know how to behave with this command
> For more information please check the [command-hints page][tr].
> [tr]: /topics/command-hints
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An @array-reply of hints that are meant to help clients/proxies know how to handle the command.

For more information please check the [command-hints page][tc].
[tc]: /topics/command-hints

```

## arguments

> An @array-reply, where each element is a @map-reply describing a command argument.
> For more information please check the [command-arguments page][tr].
> [tr]: /topics/command-arguments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An @array-reply, where each element is a @map-reply describing a command argument.

For more information please check the [command-arguments page][td].
[td]: /topics/command-arguments
```
